---
layout: post
title: Employment!
categories: [Work]
tags: [experiences]
fullview: true
---

### My Experience So Far
So, if you follow me on social media you may have noticed that I have recently acquired a job! I guess this post is just a little update about how that is working out so far.

Firstly, the job I have is Junior Games Developer. I am still letting that sink in, this is exactly the sort of job I was looking for and helps confirm that games development is fun - period.

Honestly, the first week was kind of scary, but from university career workshops we were told what previous university students went through and it was something similar - so it seems only natural.

I couldn't be any happier at this place, the first two weeks are already done and time seems to be flying by. The staff members are super friendly and the community is very passionate about what they want - it is truely inspiring having such a dedicated community and team to work with.

For now, I hope I live up to expectations and I will continue to enjoy myself working here.

As for side project updates, I have already done a bit more work in terms of Suzan2D (Entity Editor and most of the Scene Editor), but I have started to leave side project work due to work commitments. I am considering taking my laptop to work and during the bus ride home working on the game engine, or perhaps working on it after work and tea - but I need to be careful not to burn out.

There is a small side project I have in mind for a small Unity game that will hopefully require little development time.

I'll post more updates soon so stay classy!